FIX: Don't publish message to intersection of `user_ids` and `group_ids` (#219)
discourse/message_bus: README.md

  # if user_id is not set on publish time, any user_id returned here will receive the message
  # return the user id here
end)

# Target user_ids when publishing a message
MessageBus.publish "/channel", "hello", user_ids: [1, 2, 3]

MessageBus.configure(group_ids_lookup: proc do |env|
  # return the group ids the user belongs to
  # can be nil or []
end)

# Target group_ids when publishing a message
MessageBus.publish "/channel", "hello", group_ids: [1, 2, 3]

# example of MessageBus to set user_ids from an initializer in Rails and Devise:
# config/inializers/message_bus.rb
MessageBus.user_id_lookup do |env|
  req = Rack::Request.new(env)

  if req.session && req.session["warden.user.user.key"] && req.session["warden.user.user.key"][0][0]
    user = User.find(req.session["warden.user.user.key"][0][0])
    user.id
  end
end
```

If both `user_ids` and `group_ids` options are supplied when publishing a message, the message will be targetted at clients with lookup return values that  matches on either the `user_ids` **or** the `group_ids` options.

```ruby
MessageBus.publish "/channel", "hello", user_ids: [1, 2, 3], group_ids: [1, 2, 3]
```

> If the `client_ids` option is supplied with either the `user_ids` or `group_ids` options when publising a message, the `client_ids` option will take precendence over both options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `client_ids` option is supplied with either the `user_ids` or `group_ids` options when publising a message, the `client_ids` option will be be applied unconditionally and messages will be filtered further using `user_id` or `group_id` clauses. 
```
